[THEME MUSIC]
>>Welcome back.
This is our third hour of
the Ubuntu Contributionism
workshop.
And we continue
where we left off,
with the wise words of
Wolfgang Goethe that
said, "None are more enslaved
than those who falsely believe
they are free."
And the emphasis there was on
falsely-- because as we know,
most of us live
under the illusion
that we are free, when
everything around us
is just tightening.
More and more laws
are being created
every month, every
year, every week,
that curb our rights
and our freedom.
These are the laws created by
the governments and the people
we put into positions
of authority--
our slaves, our
servants that are
supposed to serve us, right?
And these servants
are making laws
that constantly curtail
and decrease our rights
and our freedoms.
So something is
clearly wrong there,
and there's very little
we can do about it
except create a new alternative.
And that's what
this is all about,
is creating a new alternative.
And we were just talking
about closing bank accounts
and keeping your money.
Cyprus was a great example--
how the banking system can just
do what they want.
The banks just can
get away with crimes.
No one gets prosecuted.
Nobody sees the courtroom.
And they just keep doing
this, over and over again.
So what this false
belief of freedom does
is, it has turned our planet
into a planet of brands,
corporations, and where
people seek careers,
where jobs are
promised to people.
Jobs means nothing more,
nothing less than being a slave.
Every time we hear a politician
talk about, oh, we're
going to create a million more
jobs, all they're really saying
is, we're going to create
a million more slaves.
Because when you're no
longer needed, you get
kicked out on the street.
And then you're jobless
and homeless again,
and you start looking
for another job.
So this is the illusion that
gets shoved in our face.
The banksters own
the corporations,
and the corporations
rule the world.
That's what our
world has become.
It's incredible that
corporations have more rights
than living, breathing
human beings.
That's what our entire
legal system has become.
That's what I learned in my
own trials and tribulations
in the Supreme Court in South
Africa, in Johannesburg.
When I went up
against the banks,
it becomes very obvious
to you that that's
all about the
corporations-- upholding
the rights of the corporations.
Our courts have
got nothing to do
with upholding the rights of
living, breathing human beings.
It's procedure, red tape,
bureaucracy, and making sure
that corporations survive.
So when you try and move
from one country to another,
just keep comparing the
rights between human beings
and corporations.
If you try and move to
Australia or Germany, forget it.
It's just-- it's
virtually possible
to move to another
country today.
Right?
Especially people trying
to move to the USA.
It's very, very
difficult to immigrate
or to move to another country.
There are so many restrictions,
and laws, and hurdles.
But if you want to move your
company to another country--
oh, my boy.
Of course, welcome.
Please move your company
into our country,
because you're going to
create more slaves for us.
Right?
This is incredible,
how corporations
can move across borders,
virtually overnight,
but people can't do that.
Every time I get to a
border, especially when
you're driving up to borders and
you pull up at the border post,
and you sit there
waiting to cross.
And you see all
these cars lining up,
and people crossing
and having to fill
in all these papers,
and passports,
and this stressful situation.
And then you look
out of the window
and you see these
birds flying across,
from one side to the other.
And you go, are
you getting them?
They're crossing illegally, man.
Get that bird.
It's like you
realize the insanity
of this, these synthetic
lines drawn in the sand.
And we're not allowed
to cross them,
when this is supposed
to be our planet.
What this really
points to is the fact
that this thing called money
has infiltrated every crack
and crevice of our existence.
And when people don't get
it, it's difficult for them
to understand what it is that
we have to deal with, to free
ourselves from the slavery.
Again, like we discussed
before, until we
deal with the issue
of money, we're
never going to
solve the problems.
Every aspect of our lives--
from the first breath we take,
until the last breath
we breathe out--
even after you breathe
out your last breath,
the money still controls you.
The bankers and the financial
institutions, the insurance
companies, and the government--
you need death certificates.
You need this and that before
you can cremate somebody.
There has to be a
death certificate.
All these kind of certificates
and shuffling of papers,
and you need money to
bury your dead these days.
We can't even bury our
loved ones with dignity
without the governments and
corporations getting involved.
It's a complete insanity,
how this has been distorted.
This thing of believing that we
are free needs to be addressed.
And the people that still run
around saying that-- I'm free,
I can do what I want-- live in
a complete and utter illusion.
This was one of my favorite
images from Occupy Wall Street.
When the food runs
out, we can just
go and eat the fat bankers--
emphasis on fat bankers.
But again, we've got to stop
pointing fingers, like we said.
We've got to really thank these
banking institutions and some
of the ignorant politicians
for showing us the way,
that this is not what
we want to be doing.
This is not how we want to live.
I recently had
spent an afternoon
with the CEO of one of
the four major banks
in South Africa, who
happens to be the neighbor
of a good friend of mine.
So my friend Dave said, hey,
let me invite so-and-so.
I'm not going to
mention names, too.
And we got together and watched
some rugby over some beers,
in the afternoon.
And he had no idea who
I was and what I did.
He didn't know that two
months prior to that,
I was petitioning
outside his bank
with the march against the
banks, calling him a coward
and calling him to come
outside and face the crowd.
And he never came
outside, obviously.
They sent people to receive
the petitions, and so forth.
So nevertheless,
what that taught me,
however, is that even
the CEO of a bank
has no idea how things work.
Because I asked him, how
did you get this job?
How did you land up
in this position?
And he was the CEO of a
major financial institution,
like KPMG or one of these big
financial accounting firms.
And those guys have
got no clue how money
works, where it comes from.
They just know how to
shuffle numbers and push
pieces of paper around.
So that's how they headhunt
CEOs and senior management
for banks, these days--
people with huge egos, people
who believe they're doing an
important job because they know
how to control and manage money.
But they actually have no
idea how money is created,
where it comes
from, how it works.
They just know the
rules and regulations
that they were taught at
school, at accounting school,
or economic school, of
Bachelor of Commerce school,
or all these accounting
and financial degrees that
have been created to create
a whole new generation
of brainwashed people that
believe they're doing something
good for society.
So I realized that this poor
guy was just doing a job,
and that my anger or
frustration at him
was completely misplaced.
And it was a big wake-up
call for me, as well.
And so most of the people
in the corporations that we
hold accountable for making our
lives miserable-- politicians
included-- most of them
are completely clueless how
things actually work.
And many people in
politics actually
go into politics
believing-- because they
want to do something good,
just like people that join
the police force or the army.
They believe they're going
to come and go and defend
their country, or fight
evil, or protect the people
against criminals and so forth.
And then they get
trapped in the system,
and they have to abide and
follow rules, and follow
protocol and procedure.
And if they don't,
then they get fired.
And then they start
fearing losing their job
and protecting their
families, so they just
follow orders and follow
rules, and irrespective of
whether they know
that it's actually
harming their neighbors or
the members of their society.
So the historic
resistance to money
goes back thousands of years.
It's not something new.
Just a few examples of what
happened in the past-- Julius
Caesar, in 48 BC,
he did exactly that.
He did what JFK did.
He did what Adolf Hitler did.
He did what a lot of more recent
politicians and leaders did.
He took away the right from the
money changers to coin money,
and he minted coins for
the benefit of all--
and with this state bank,
if you want to call it that,
created public works and made
Rome a very powerful state.
Well, the bankers didn't
like that, just the way
they didn't like what JFK did
or what Abraham Lincoln did.
They didn't like it, and you
know what the consequences are,
and what the consequences were.
We all know what happened
to Julius Caesar.
And that was pretty much the
fall of the Roman Empire,
after that.
It started to go into demise
This is a very
interesting one-- 1225,
St Thomas Aquinas said that
the charging of interest
is wrong, because it applies
to double-charging-- charging
for both the money and
the use of the money.
And the church law
in the Middle Ages,
Europe, forbade the charging
of interest on loans,
and even made it a
crime called usury.
So it's really interesting to
see how the church got involved
in the issuing and
the use of money,
at that period of our history.
And then this very
popular character,
Jesus, or Jeshua, or
Issa-- several names
by which he was known.
Whoever this particular
individual may have been,
and whatever he means to
many people around the world,
one of the famous incidents
is when he apparently
chased out the bankers or the
money changers from the temple.
One of the few moments, or
periods, or events of his life
where he probably showed
violence or became violent
with other individuals.
It was with the bankers.
And think about what
we read in here.
Read between the lines.
The bankers in the
temple-- because this
is really, really significant--
the bankers in the temple,
and this goes back
thousands of years,
that the original bankers were
actually the royal priests
and the kings.
And the first banks
were their temples.
But I'll go into
that in more detail.
This here, for
the United States,
especially, is
really significant.
Thomas Jefferson-- one
of the founding fathers--
said at that stage,
already, that, "I
believe that banking
institutions are
more dangerous to our
liberties than standing armies.
If the American people
ever allow private banks,"
private banks, not state banks.
Private banks,
right? "Private banks
to control the issue
of their currency,
first by inflation,
then by deflation,
the banks and the
corporations that will grow up
around the banks will deprive
the people of all property
until their children wake
up homeless on the continent
their fathers conquered."
This is exactly
what has happened.
Private banks
muscled their way in,
and the War of Independence
here in the United States
was all about the control of
the money, the implementation
of the private Rothschild
banking system,
against the State
Bank that created
abundance for the
people, and prosperity
for the people of
the United States.
This is really an
important statement
in the history of
modern Western world.
And then JFK, 1963-- seven
days before his assassination.
"There's a plot in this country
to enslave every man, woman,
and child.
Before I leave this
high and noble office,
I intend to expose this plot."
OK.
But just prior to this,
what he did-- he actually
issued what became known
as the United States
notes, where he stopped
the Fed from printing money
and started printing money for
the people, by the people--
in essence, if you
can call it that.
And that pretty much, I believe,
led to his assassination.
Remember, the bankers
are behind all the wars.
They are behind
all the conflict.
They're behind the invasions,
bringing down governments.
This is a very obvious plan
of action by the bankers--
the global elite that
control the supply of money,
that control our governments.
So when President J.F.
Kennedy wrote and signed
the executive order 11110
on the 4th of June, 1963,
which ordered the US Treasury
to issue a new public currency,
the United States
note, he essentially
signed his own death warrant.
And six months later, he
was assassinated in Dallas.
This is how these
banking families do it.
I might as well tell you right
now, if you don't know it yet,
the global financial institution
is the largest organized crime
syndicate in the world.
It's really as simple as that.
But they get away
with it, because they
control the governments.
They make the laws.
And they issue the money
that control the governments
and can control the judiciary.
This is the United States
note that was not the Federal
Reserve note-- big difference.
About four billion of these
notes went into circulation.
But unfortunately,
JFK paid the price.
Now, I believe that if he
was more vocal about it,
if he was telling the American
people what he was doing,
everybody would have
stood behind him.
But it was pretty much a secret.
Nobody knew about it.
Nobody knew the
difference, at that stage.
People were just oblivious.
If you went out and
said, we're going
to issue our own money-- we're
going to shut down the Fed
and issue our own
money-- he would
have had everybody on his side.
That would not have necessarily
prevented the assassination,
but it would have made
it a lot more obvious.
And people would not think that
it was some crazy guy called
Lee Harvey Oswald, right?
A lone gunman with a magic gun,
and all that hogwash that had
been shoved down our throats.
So this whole thing about money
is really fascinating when
you start asking, well, where
does money actually come from?
This is where most people's
knowledge and information
hits the wall.
Very few people actually
have any clue or idea
where money really comes from.
This is a huge,
huge wake-up call.
So the origins of money-- when
and how did it get so bad?
What was the first
money created?
How did it come into
existence and creation?
And this really
challenges our knowledge
about origins of humankind and
the really murky and mysterious
history that we face
as the human race.
And the critical information
about the origins of money
comes to us from the Sumerian
texts, the Sumerian tablets,
and especially
these two here, that
are known as the King's Lists.
They give us a lot of
information about the earliest
kings, the first kings, and
the control of the world
and a lot of other information.
But it, in essence, tells
us about a time when kingdom
was lowered to
Earth from heaven,
and the first kings
and priest kings
were appointed by the gods.
Now, what this was and
who these gods were
is a whole other
debate, so we're not
going to dwell on that.
But basically, this
tells us that there
was a time in history-- and
the Sumerian texts, as we know,
still remain the oldest written
record of human history.
And there are millions
of clay tablets,
and hundreds of thousands
have been translated.
And they all tell
us the same stories,
or they give us a
lot of information.
But there's a recurring
story about these gods
that were causing
havoc on planet Earth,
and especially in
the land of Sumer,
and interacting with
the Sumerian people.
And it tells us that
there was a time
that the royal bloodline
suddenly emerged on Earth,
and that these priest kings,
these first priest kings,
were actually appointed and took
on this role and the control
of humanity.
So the first priest kings
were appointed by the gods,
and we suddenly
see the appearance
of the royal
political bloodlines.
This goes back,
thousands of years back.
And these elite bloodlines
took control of the world.
And then suddenly,
they had all this money
and they owned all the land.
The whole idea of
royalty and where
do kings and royalty comes
from, is a great mystery.
Well, the Sumerian texts
tell us very clearly
where the royal
bloodlines come from,
and that they were given
fierce weapons, and knowledge
of alchemy, and weaponry,
and sorcery, or whatever,
with which to
control the people.
And obviously, they must
have had serious knowledge
of this advanced technology,
in those days, because they
did control the
people, and the people
feared them and they
feared for their lives.
Otherwise, they would
have never obeyed them.
So this is the origins
of the royal bloodlines.
And these are the guys that have
passed down the royal bloodline
control for thousands of years.
And the banking
families are part
of this ancient royal
bloodline, that run and control
the world today.
Real estate-- we use the
word in English, real estate.
Well, in French it's a
much better description--
real, royale.
Royal estate.
It belongs to the
royalty-- royal estate.
In English it loses its meaning.
So the origins of
money-- this is
one of the oldest forms of money
that I've been able to find,
and it comes in the
form of a clay tablet.
It's probably the oldest bill of
exchange that we have on record
today-- a 4,000-year-old
bill of exchange.
What this tells us
is the banks have
been doing the same thing
for at least 4,000 years--
creating bills of exchange,
making money out of nothing,
fresh air-- just taking a piece
of clay, stamping some letters
on it.
Because remember, in
the ancient times,
people didn't know how to write.
Only the royalty
knew how to write.
They had scribes.
Only written material
ever came out
of the royal palaces and the
temples, with the scribes.
The average people didn't
know how to do that.
So they couldn't even read,
and they could be lied to
and manipulated.
So this is how far back
this control of money goes.
It's a spectacular awakening
when we start seeing this.
With a sleight of hand,
oh, this is very important.
As you see, this
piece of clay here,
it's got the seal of the King,
the seal of the high priest,
and the seal of whoever.
And this is very important.
And that's the same
thing goes on today.
At least in the
ancient times, they
created the bills of
exchange out of clay.
At least they can
survive a fire.
It gets preserved when it gets
exposed to fire-- you bake it,
gets stronger.
In today's pieces of
paper, they burn up
and they disappear
into nothingness.
Today, our banks
do the same thing.
They take an empty
piece of paper.
They write a bunch
of fancy stuff on it,
a bunch of nonsense, put some
fancy logos and stamps on it,
and suddenly an empty piece
of paper is worth $20 billion.
Wow, that's magic.
And that's exactly
how they do it.
So this is very important
for us to digest.
Money was maliciously introduced
as a tool of enslavement.
This seems to be the
moment that this happened,
in these ancient times-- when
the first royal bloodlines were
introduced, when these
first priest-kings suddenly
appear and control the
planet, control the world,
and suddenly have these
temples filled of money,
or the ability to create money
and control all the land.
And the people had
to work for the kings
and earn money so they could
pay taxes to the kings,
because suddenly the
kings owned all the land.
So this is the one point
that people will probably
argue with you, when they first
come across this information,
because most of us are
under the misconception
that money is a
consequence of thousands
of years of barter and trade.
And that is a lie.
That is not true.
Money was maliciously introduced
as a tool of enslavement.
That is its only pure
intent, is to enslave people.
Instead of having
chains and whips,
you have a thing called money.
That becomes the
tool of enslavement.
And I mentioned
previously that the most
recent archaeological
discoveries and the conclusions
actually support exactly this--
that people in ancient towns,
and ancient cultures,
and ancient villagers
did not barter and trade.
They lived in harmonious
Ubuntu kind of communities,
where they shared everything,
where they created abundance
for everyone in the community.
The bartering and trading
was a slow development,
and a consequence of people
moving around and traveling
and then spending the
night, being looked after,
and giving being given food
and shelter for the night,
and then feeling--
out of gratitude,
leaving behind a horse
or something of value
that they felt had
value to the people
that offered them hospitality.
So money did not evolve
out of barter and trade.
The first kings
owned all the land.
They were the first
bankers, and the temples
were the first banks.
So this is where we
find the global elite
and the rise of the central
banks-- the global control.
Some people, some researchers,
call it the Babylonian Magic
Money Slavery System.
It was created exactly for
that purpose-- somehow imbued
with some sort of black
magic that has turned people
into mumbling idiots, often.
Look what money does to people.
It makes some people go crazy.
It makes people commit murder.
It makes people kill their
families, kill their friends,
kill their partners--
makes people
commit horrendous crimes,
because of this thing called
money.
It's tainted with blood.
And this is what we
need to get away from.
So what do these central
private banks do?
Remember that they are
private corporations.
These private corporations,
just like in ancient times,
create money out of thin air.
They have the exclusive
rights to do this.
If you and I go
and create money,
it's called counterfeiting.
Right?
And we go to jail
for life for that.
Wow, it's incredible how
they skew the legal system
for the benefit
of those that have
retained this exclusive right.
We can't do that.
And yet, we can.
There are ways of creating
your own promissory notes.
There are ways of doing it so
that it becomes a legal tender.
But then you've got to know
a little bit more about it.
I'm not going to
delve into this,
or spend time on this in this
workshop because, in a way,
it's playing back into the hands
of those that create the money.
We don't want to use
their money or anything
resembling their money-- any
form of trade or exchange.
We need to move away from that.
As long as we've got
pieces of paper or anything
that we're sharing
and exchanging,
we have an opportunity
for somebody
to abuse that and use it against
us, or against the people.
Somebody is going to
devise a scheme, somehow,
to use those tools of
exchange against the people,
for their own personal benefit.
That's, unfortunately,
what happens.
Because it creates
that scarcity,
and demand, and
value, and that's
what we need to break down.
So it's critical
to also recognize
that these private corporations
called central banks that
control the other
banks-- central banks is
like the Federal Reserve
System, Federal Reserve
Bank in the USA-- these guys
control all the other banks.
And there's this interesting
relationship between the banks
that you go walk into
on the street, and then
the central banks.
And they try and mask their
relationship very carefully.
Remember, the entire
money banking system
is a giant Ponzi scheme.
It's layers and
layers of deception,
to make it look very complicated
and very difficult to break
through the veneer,
to really figure out,
well, who's behind it?
Who's really in control?
Who owns who?
Who owns what?
Because it is so
deeply convoluted
that it's very difficult to
really get to the root of who's
really behind it.
But what we know
is that there are
a number of banking
families that are behind all
of this global control.
The Rothschilds really sit
at the top of the pile,
on the global banking control.
The rest of you, you
know well by now,
I'm sure, the Rockefellers,
the Morgans, the Carnegies,
the Schiffs, the Harriman, the
Warburgs, the Vanderbilts--
and there are a number of
other families in this pecking
order that go from
the United States,
to Europe, and to China,
right across the world.
And these guys run the world.
They control the world.
They own all of the
banks in the world--
all the central banks
and all the other banks.
Somehow, somewhere, they
always have control.
And the little banks that they
don't control, in essence,
are really completely
ineffective.
And they don't really matter.
They cannot-- they have no
impact on the greater scheme
of things and the
control of the world.
So through these central
banks, like the Reserve Bank,
the Federal Reserve in the
USA, the Bank of England,
the South African Reserve Bank,
Reserve Bank of Australia,
and so forth-- this is how
they control the governments.
It's not the other way around.
The banks control
the governments.
And this is a huge thing for
some people to get across.
And in fact, when
you talk to people
about this, when you start
engaging people in this debate,
this is generally a
good point of departure.
Because first of
all, it's a shock
to the system when
you tell people, oh,
did you know that the
Central Bank or the Fed
is a private company?
Some people are
not aware of this.
They're still under
the misconception
that the central bank
belongs to the government.
No, it's the other way around.
The central banks all around the
world control the governments
and they own all the other
financial institutions.
The World Bank is controlled
by these central bankers.
The European Central Bank--
the European Central Banking
System, just to show
you how they control all
the central banks of Europe.
And we get to the
International Monetary Fund--
all controlled by these
same banking families.
And then all the central banks
of the world are controlled,
most of them, are controlled by
this mysterious place in Basel,
Switzerland, called the Bank
of International Settlements.
When you try and get
information on these things,
it's not that easy.
Again, it's layers and layers of
deception-- smoke and mirrors,
wherever you go.
You try and find
out who actually
owns-- who are the owners
of these central banks,
and you never know.
It's like a secret society.
There is no document
anywhere that will show you
who these owners are.
And this is how, often,
they confuse people.
So this BIS controls, as I
said, the Federal Reserve Bank.
Here's a picture of
some of the agents
who started the Federal
Reserve in 1913.
You see that some of the names
that I mentioned earlier.
And in the United States,
the Federal Reserve System
has been broken up into,
interestingly enough,
into 12 districts.
They like to work with sacred
geometric numbers, right?
Even these guys-- remember
what we said earlier,
what we discussed.
The guys are not in control
by accident, because they're
stupid or ignorant.
They are in control because
they know how things work.
They understand
the laws of nature.
They understand sacred geometry.
They understand
the flow of energy.
This is why they're in control.
This is why they've had
secret societies for thousands
of years, holding onto this
ancient and occult knowledge,
with which they've controlled
humanity and controlled
all of us.
But the cat's out
of the bag, now.
The knowledge and the
information are spread out,
and we have been
fortunate enough
to share this
knowledge with millions
of people around the world.
And this is why this
collapse of the system
is happening on its own.
There is not much we have to do.
We don't have to try
and bring it down.
It's collapsing itself.
We just need to create
a new alternative,
so when this thing
collapses, we've
actually got another
path to walk already,
because we're working on it.
Or while it's collapsing, we're
creating a new alternative.
So before it collapses
we'll just-- they'll
be leaders that lead nobody, and
banks that have no customers,
and presidents that
control nobody.
So the Bank of
England-- and you just
see all these grand buildings.
It's amazing, these
huge, grand buildings
that all resemble ancient
temples in Egypt and Sumer.
You see the construction, and
even the South African Reserve
Bank-- you start looking
at these ominous buildings
that they spend
billions of dollars,
or millions and hundreds of
millions of dollars putting up.
If you notice how
banks have always
got the most biggest and
most advanced buildings
and all the latest technology.
It's amazing.
And people are--
well, not everyone--
but the majority
of the people still
think that banks are places
where we go put our money.
They work with our money.
So where would they be
getting all the money from,
to build all these
fancy buildings,
if they were using our money?
That one little thought
should wake us all up.
Whose money are
they using to build
all these fancy buildings?
They create money
out of thin air.
They can do anything.
They can play that game
for as long as they want,
because they're in control
of creating that money out
of thin air.
The Reserve Bank of Australia,
Reserve Bank of India,
and so it goes, on and on--
the World Trade Organization,
all controlled by
these banking families.
And the other important
thing to realize,
that this global control
of the money system
seems to be coming
from what is referred
to as the Trinity
of Global Control--
the three independent states
within other countries.
And that's-- the religious
state is the Vatican City.
Finance is controlled
from the City of London.
And the City of London is
not London, the London town.
It's this square mile
in the heart of London
that's known as the City of
London, an independent state
with its own constitution,
with its own governance, which
is not part of the
British-- or what we believe
is the existing control system.
And then Washington
DC-- so we've
got the religious, the finance,
and the military headquarters
of this global elite control.
What I find fascinating
is this picture--
they all have these
obelisks, again,
bringing us back to the
ancient civilizations,
reminding us that
they've inherited this
from the Sumerian times, when
those first priest-kings were
appointed and took control,
and that their temples were
the first banks.
These reminders all
over the place--
this is how far back it goes.
So when people
tell you that money
is a consequence of thousands
of years of barter and trade,
just shows how ignorant they
are or that they've just bought
the lies and the deceptions
of our education system,
because that's what our
education system tells us.
And that is not true.
Those are the lies
and deceptions.
So it is now very clear that the
banking families own the world.
They control our
governments, and they
operate outside the law.
You cannot succeed against
the banks in a court of law.
There is a great interview
with the old governor-- would
you call him-- of the Fed.
What was his name again?
>>It's Alan Greenspan.
>>Greenspan.
And he was asked-- I think
it was on "60 Minutes"--
and he was asked, so what
is your relationship between
the Fed, and the President,
and the government?
And he said, oh, we have
a very good relationship
between the Fed
and the government.
There's always been a
very good relationship.
But then he says,
but you know, we're
a independent institution.
We don't fall under the
legislation of the United
States.
We operate outside
of the system.
So he actually tells everybody
that they are untouchable.
They can do what they want.
It's spectacular.
So it's the central banks that
dictate the economic policy
to the government, not
the other way around.
They decide how they're
going to manage the country's
economy for the next 12 months.
So every year when the
Minister of Finance, or whoever
runs the money in the country,
stands up and does the budget
speech, it's got nothing
to do with what's
good for the people,
and everything
to do with the agenda
of the central bankers--
how are they going to manipulate
and control the people?
Remember that we've
seen a huge collapse
of a number of countries
around the world in Europe,
like Greece, and Ireland,
and Portugal, and Spain,
and I forget which other
countries were in trouble
with the central
banks, big trouble,
because they owe so
much money to the banks
and they can't pay it back.
Just that thought
alone, just how
could a country be
indebted to a bank?
Right?
And yet people
don't question that.
And then these banks
come along and they
start bailing out countries.
They say, oh, well,
we'll bail you out.
How can a bank, which
is a private company,
bail out a country?
It's an insane thought, right?
And yet we accept it.
We see it on the news.
They shove it down our throats,
and we buy all this stuff.
And we think, well, this
is just how it works.
No, this is how
they've infiltrated
our countries, taken
over our governments,
imposed themselves as a private
corporation on our government
and they lend money
to our government.
So the government borrows
money from this private company
that creates money
out of thin air
and then gives it
to our government,
lends it to our government.
They call it bonds
and treasury bonds,
and all these fancy
names that they make up.
And they put a bunch
of fancy logos on them.
And then we have to work as the
slaves, through our government,
to pay the money back to
this private corporation,
the Central Bank.
This is insanity.
We can print pieces
of paper ourself.
We don't need some
private corporation
to print the money for us.
We can do it very, very
comfortably ourselves.
And this, really,
is why there is
inflation-- why
we have inflation,
why we pay taxes, why
there's VAT and income
tax, and personal tax,
and levies, and fees,
and import duty,
and export duty--
all this stuff is
synthetically, artificially
created to keep this
money scam going,
because of the private
banking institutions
that control our governments.
Everything controlled is
controlled by the money.
Think about it.
You drive down the road,
you get a traffic fine.
Do they make you go and
pick potatoes in the field?
No, you have to pay money.
All right?
So everything is controlled
by the money system.
If you come into a country
you have to buy a visa,
and you have to pay
money to get a visa
to enter another country.
Everything is
controlled by money--
these bankers that have imposed
themselves on our governments
and just run amok,
completely taking control.
They bail out countries.
That is insane, how private
banks can bail out countries.
And every time they
bail out a country,
they enslave the
people even more,
because now the
people have agreed--
through their
government, of course,
because the government is the
agent of the central bank--
so the government's, oh no.
We have to take out
this austerity measure--
just that word, austerity
measure, is like whoa, right?
So these nasty measures
and indebtedness
that the people sign up for,
through their governments,
to pay back money to
these banks, money
that they just created
out of thin air.
It's an insanity.
We need to get rid of it.
We need to create
a new alternative.
It doesn't work.
How these countries are
invaded and controlled
is beautifully spelled out by
John Perkins in "Confessions
of an Economic Hit Man".
And this just explains
how, through the bankers
and the money system-- how they
invade countries, infiltrate
the governments, bribe
people, threaten them, hijack
them, kill them,
whatever-- and eventually
take over the government.
And we've seen this
over the last 20 years.
Until about the year
2000 there were a number
of countries that had
state banks that did not
belong to the Rothschild family,
the Rothschild banking empire.
And these countries--
I think you'll
start seeing the agenda
here, very quickly, right?
Cuba, Iran, Libya, Iraq, North
Korea, Sudan, Afghanistan,
Syria-- well, very, very
few of those remain.
Right?
Even Cuba is now
out of the picture,
because the United States is
suddenly big buddies with Cuba.
So that means Cuba's
independence is out
of the window, and they're
now being infiltrated.
There is, however, very
interesting information
about Bolivia, as a
country that has basically
kicked out the
international bankers
and taken control of
their own money supply.
But you'll never see
that on the news,
because all the news
and media is controlled
by the same banking families.
So they're never
going to tell us,
oh, Bolivia's cut ties with the
International Monetary Fund,
and they've kicked out the
Fed, and blah, blah, blah.
You're never going to see that.
And according to the reports
that I've been given,
the life in Bolivia
has just exploded.
They are experiencing a boom,
economic boom, and prosperity
of the people, because
they've taken back
the control of their own money.
We're not going to see that
on the news or any newspapers.
So that needs more
investigation.
It's relatively new information
that I've been given,
and I need to go and
research this more.
So anyone that has
the ability to go
and look into this, please do
so, and put it on the internet.
Share it with everybody.
And when you find
out what's happening
in countries like Bolivia,
and share that with everybody.
We're going to talk about
Iceland, because many people--
I wrote about Iceland
in the Ubuntu book,
but what I can tell
you, in hindsight now,
that was another trick.
Do not underestimate the
evilness and the cunningness
of the banking families.
These guys are so
cunning, and they
know how to play this game.
They've been playing this
for thousands of years.
They'll set up scenarios.
They'll set up
false flag events.
They'll sacrifice
their own people
to make it look like
it's legitimate.
The Iceland event was not
what we believe it is.
Iceland was another test
to see what would happen.
The same president or prime
minister is still in charge.
The same central bank
is still in charge.
But what the latest thing
has happened in Iceland
is what everyone
is excited about.
They said, OK, we're
no longer going
to allow the private
banks to issue money--
the banks on the corner, right?
They're no longer going
to be able to issue money.
The issuing of money is
going to be restricted only
to the central bank.
And this is what people
suddenly think, OK.
That's great.
No, no, no-- it's another con.
The central bank still
belongs to the banking empire.
So this is just smoke
and mirrors, again,
that they are playing with us.
When the whole Iceland thing
happened several years ago,
they sacrificed
some of the bankers.
The bankers went to jail.
They're out, and no one
really paid a big price.
They were probably paid
huge amounts of money
to do some jail time.
And that was just used
to give the people
a false sense of security, and
a belief that something good
is happening.
But we're going to talk a little
bit more, also, about Cyprus.
So this is clearly an agenda
by the banking families
and global banking empire.
And through this kind of
infiltration and taking
over governments, this
is how they start wars,
and they control wars.
They've done this, not just
for the last few hundred years.
This has been going on
for thousands of years.
Even in ancient times,
when the kings of Europe
wanted to go to war
against each other,
they would have to go and
borrow money to wage war.
And they would go into debt,
with the banking families
in those days, already,
because they wanted to wage war
against other kingdoms and all.
And then the Pope would
have to give them permission
to go into war against
another country.
It's just insanity.
OK, you can attack
another country
and go kill those people.
This from the Pope, right?
So really?
What's going on here?
So money controls the wars.
And here are some fascinating
statements by politicians.
"The refusal of King George
3rd, to allow the colonies
to operate an honest
money system, which
freed the ordinary man from
the clutches of the money
manipulators, was
probably the prime cause
of the revolution."--
Benjamin Franklin.
So this is just an
indication to show you
what the War of Independence
and all the wars in the United
States-- it was all
about the money.
It was always about the money,
and the control of the United
States, and this part of
the world, of the Americas.
Mayor Amschel Rothschild--
one of the founding Rothschild
family members-- "Let me issue
and control a nation's money
and I care not who
makes the laws."
And that's how it
operates today.
Those who issue and control the
money control the governments.
This just blows my mind.
Remember, this is a banker
talking about a country.
He says, "Either the application
for renewal of the charter
is granted," the
charter was a charter
that allowed the private bank
to control the United States,
or to issue the money
for the United States.
So, "Either the application
for the renewal of the charter
is granted, or the United
States will find itself involved
in a most disastrous war."
Here's a banker threatening
a country with war
unless they allow him to
institute his own private bank.
"Teach those impudent
Americans a lesson.
Bring them back to
colonial status."
These are bankers, people--
manipulating countries
and people of those countries.
This is the "London Times".
It says, "If this mischievous
financial policy, which
has its origins
in North America,
shall become endurated
down to a fixture,
then that government will
furnish its own money
without cost.
It will pay off debts
and be without debt.
It will have all the
money necessary to carry
on its commerce.
It will become prosperous
without precedent
in the history of the world.
The brains and the
wealth of all countries
will go to North America.
That country must be
destroyed or it will destroy
every monarchy on the globe."
This is just insane,
when you read this.
This is how these
banking families
have been controlling
all our countries,
and especially this one
here, the United States.
This is a famous
one by Henry Ford--
now that you know
how it works, you
can imagine how
he felt about it,
because he knew how it worked.
Imagine his sleepless nights.
Right?
When you know this stuff,
and you can't really
share it with the
people-- because then
you basically destroy your
own business, your own empire.
"It is well enough that
the people of the nation
do not understand our
banking and monetary system,
for if they did, I believe
there would be a revolution
before tomorrow morning."
And that's exactly what would
happen, and will happen,
and is happening right now.
People are waking up to
these lies and deceptions.
Winston Churchill-- one of the
most evil men of the last 100
years, or 120 years--
"Should Germany merchandise
or do business again
in the next 50 years,
we have led this war in vain."
It means the intention was to
destroy Germany and its ability
to create its own money.
And that's exactly what
Adolf Hitler did, in case
you don't know this yet.
The main reason that
he was lured into war,
or was pushed into
war, was-- there's
obviously a huge
debate about this,
because we know very little
about what really happened.
We only know what we've
been told by the media.
But it was all about the fact
that Germany became incredibly
powerful and prosperous,
because of the money issued
by the German National
Bank, that did not belong
to the Rothschild family.
So, "Germany becomes
too powerful.
We have to crush it."
says Winston Churchill.
"We will force this war upon
Hitler, if he wants it or not."
Says Winston Churchill.
And by all my research, points
very clearly that Hitler
didn't want to go into war.
He really-- he did everything
in his power to avoid war.
He was trying to reach
treaties and peace agreements.
He was forced into war.
It was forced upon him by
this evil man here, Winston
Churchill.
"This war is an English war,"
says Churchill. "Its goal
is the destruction of Germany."
Because Germany was
becoming too powerful,
and where was the control of
the global banking empire?
In the City of
London-- so you start
seeing how everything
we believe to be true,
everything we've
been told, is a lie.
Just remind yourself of
that again, how close
and how accurate that
statement becomes.
More of Winston
Churchill, "The war
wasn't only about
abolishing fascism,
but to conquer sales markets.
We could have, if
we had intended so,
prevented this war from breaking
out without doing one shot.
But we didn't want to."
It's just spectacular--
millions and millions of lives,
because of politicians and
the control of the banking
institutions.
"Germany's unforgivable
crime before World War II
was its attempt to loosen its
economy out of the world trade
system and to build up
an independent exchange
system from which the
world finance could not
profit anymore.
We butchered the wrong pig."
So let's just
recap, because we've
come to the end of
this one-hour session.
And we're going to
go into question,
or your comments on this.
Let's just recap
here, to finish off,
to remind ourselves that
the banking industry is
the largest organized crime
syndicate the planet has ever
seen.
It is legalized crime.
Their activities are upheld
by the courts and the judges,
ignorantly protected by the
police and other security
forces, not knowing
what they're really
doing-- oppressing their
brothers and sisters,
all because they've
been told to do
so-- not because they believe
they're doing the right thing.
They've been given
orders and instructions.
And all of these
crimes against humanity
are being perpetrated, top
down, controlled by the banking
families, the
banking institutions,
that write the legal
systems that control
our countries and our lives.
So in the last 10
minutes, if anyone
has anything to say or
contribute, please do so.
>>Good afternoon.
I'm Patrick Anderson,
and I wanted
to say that before you were
talking about the banking
system in Bolivia.
And I could be
mistaken, but they
are working with the
Venezuelan government
and the Cuban government to
make sure that the United States
and worldwide banking systems
are not impacting them the way
that it is their intention.
Simon Bolivar is
a perfect example
of a gentleman that conquered
a certain area for the purpose
of freedom, and
then was executed
as the country of Gran
Colombia was instituted.
>>Yeah, thanks for sharing that.
Yeah.
Well, hopefully there'll be
more information coming out
about Bolivia.
But I'm certainly very keen
to learn more about that.
>>An indigenous group of
people, like my brothers here.
>>Awesome.
Anybody else?
>>Hi.
My name's Mark.
And this is really
dark material,
and it's definitely a
downer, as you've mentioned.
My question is, how
do you personally
keep your positive attitude?
What do you personally
do in your life?
Do you have practices?
Do you have beliefs
that you align with?
How do you stay so
positive and optimistic,
and your eye on the vision?
Because this is
really depressing--
it's so hard to really
face some of this stuff.
And that's one of the
problems I come up
against a lot, when I
try to share information,
is people go to sleep.
Their eyes glaze over.
Even my eyes are glazing
over, with this stuff.
And so how do you stay
connected, aligned, positive,
in the midst of
facing all this stuff?
>>Thanks.
I'm glad you brought
that up, because it is.
As you go through it, you
realize how dark this is.
That's why I said
right up front,
let's realize
we're going to have
to go through a lot of dark
and depressing material
to get to the root
of the problem.
But we have to go
through this, to be
able to dig
ourselves out of this
and find the new alternative.
Without knowing this
and understanding this,
it's virtually impossible to
find an alternative system,
because this is the clue.
These are the clues that point
us in the right direction.
So that's how I stay
positive and optimistic
about it-- knowing that
we have a solution.
By learning about this, we
know exactly what not to do.
And it gives us a
very clear direction.
And when we get
beyond this and we
start talking about
the solutions-- really,
the Ubuntu philosophy,
the plan of action--
that's when you start seeing all
this knowledge and information
actually becomes
fodder and ammunition
for raising the new
philosophy to greater heights,
and realizing how
brilliant and simple it is.
Out of this deep, dark,
ancient control, manipulation
of evil enslavement
of humanity, suddenly
rises this simple, elegant,
and brilliant solution
that we are not only
dreaming of, or thinking of,
or believe it's possible--
we're doing it already.
We're already on that path.
And that's why I
remain positive,
because I know it's
not only possible,
but I know how we're going
to do it and the fact
that we're already
engaged in doing it.
>>One of the things that is very
important for me to remember
is that all of us are
living in this system.
And many people who earn
their living working
in the systems that are
part of the problem-- we're
all, most of us are doing
part of what's the problem.
And that it's not that
everybody's a bad guy.
>>Exactly.
>>People are just not
aware-- the people
who are working in their local
banks, the schoolteachers,
the doctors, the pharmaceutical
companies-- all these
that are part of the system.
And for me that's helpful,
because otherwise-- when
I first learned
about this-- like,
there's bad guys everywhere.
And it's like, well, and I
am too because of course, I
am supporting the system.
So for me, it's really important
to keep the bigger picture
in mind-- that it's the
system that's the problem.
And as long as we go
along with the system,
then we're all part
of the problem.
But it doesn't mean we
all have a bad heart.
It just means we're ignorant.
>>Exactly.
We're born into the system.
We're blissfully ignorant
of what we're doing.
And then suddenly, we
find ourselves in a job.
And we realize, oh my god.
I'm destroying people's lives.
And I think that's
got a lot to do
with so many bankers committing
suicide, because they wake up
suddenly-- and you may be
aware of how many bankers have
committed suicide in the last
few years, senior bankers
around the world--
because they obviously,
many of them-- I suppose maybe
some of them were killed,
thrown off buildings,
because a lot of them
seem to be jumping
out of closed windows
or off the rooftops
of their buildings.
But I think some of them
do actually commit suicide,
because they don't know how to
deal with their own reality.
Suddenly, they
realize that they've
been the cause of millions
of people's misery,
that they actually have
blood on their hands.
And that probably
has a deep effect
on a lot of people that suddenly
try and find introspection.
And so my message
to those people is,
don't take it upon yourself.
Like you said, we
end up in situations,
not knowing what we're
getting ourselves into.
Just as long as you recognize
that when you're in it,
recognize that you can no longer
do that, and move out and go
do something else.
Go grow cabbage or corn.
Go live out in the country
and groom horses or something.
Get out of the system,
and stop feeding it,
and do something
for yourself, if you
feel that you've
been responsible
for the misery of other people.
And it's not your
fault. You were just
trapped in the system.
And we can't blame
ourselves for any of this.
We need to recognize
that we are coming up
with the solutions
for the problem,
and nobody is to
blame for anything.
It's a recognition that
we need to learn from this
and find the new alternative.
And I believe we have
the new alternative.
It's just for us to embrace it.
>>And in a way,
it's very much going
to be a freeing thing when the
new system comes into play,
so that those people who
care about those things--
I mean like the doctors who
truly want to help people to be
healthier, but they're caught in
the medical system, which often
makes people sicker.
When they are able to learn
alternative ways to be--
and I realize that's not what
we're talking about-- but any
of the systems that
are not working well,
I think it's a great gift
to all of the people that
are currently working in
systems that are working,
to show them a better way.
>>Yeah.
Thank you very much
for bringing up
the health thing, because we are
going to be talking about that.
That's part of the solution.
The fact that we have found
the cure for all disease that's
been hidden is another
indicator of how
our lives have been manipulated
and controlled by the system.
So we're going to
pick up on that
in some of the upcoming chats.
And in the meantime, we're
going to close this episode off.
And thanks very much for being
here and participating in this.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]